README.md, before:

# Generics

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'generics'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install generics

## Usage

```ruby
list_of_ints = Generics::List[Integer].new(1, 2, 3, 4)
list_of_ints.add(5) # ok
list_of_ints.add("6") # NotSameType exception
list_of_ints.count # 4 (immutable)
list_of_ints.add(5).add(6).add(7).count # 7
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## TODO

- Other collection types (at least the same list as core ruby data types and the Hamster immutable library)
- More complex generics
  - Responds to generics (another form of duck type, though modules are preferable)
  - Array generics (e.g. list of strings)
  - Hash generics (e.g. keys are numbers and values are list of strings)
  - Either/enums (e.g. list of strings or integers of anything that responds to :x). This would require either adopting a library or creating one ourselves as a separate gem
- Generics in functions/closures
- Generics in methods
- Generics in classes

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/generics. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add philosophy ----------------------------------------------------------- On branch master - Tue  6 Sep 2016 00:28:04 PDT by matrinox <geoff.lee@lendesk.com>

README.md, after:

# Generics

The philosophy here is to bring as much modern language features that help developers code better, safer, and more reliably. Here are some top priorities of this library:

- Immutability first with mutability as an option (e.g for speed)
- Type safety
- Follow functional practices
- Use standard interfaces of Ruby
- Fail early, throw fast

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'generics'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install generics

## Usage

```ruby
list_of_ints = Generics::List[Integer].new(1, 2, 3, 4)
list_of_ints.add(5) # ok
list_of_ints.add("6") # NotSameType exception
list_of_ints.count # 4 (immutable)
list_of_ints.add(5).add(6).add(7).count # 7
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## TODO

- Other collection types (at least the same list as core ruby data types and the Hamster immutable library)
- More complex generics
  - Responds to generics (another form of duck type, though modules are preferable)
  - Array generics (e.g. list of strings)
  - Hash generics (e.g. keys are numbers and values are list of strings)
  - Either/enums (e.g. list of strings or integers of anything that responds to :x). This would require either adopting a library or creating one ourselves as a separate gem
- Generics in functions/closures
- Generics in methods
- Generics in classes

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/generics. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
